chore: Adds info about next release (#2338)
microsoft/vscode-cosmosdb: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## next

### Added

- New UI for executing queries in the NoSQL account. UI supports viewing results in a table, tree or a JSON view, showing the query stats and the RU cost.
- New UI for executing search queries in the vCore account. UI supports viewing results in a table, tree or a JSON view.

> - New UI for creating, viewing and editing documents in the separated tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New UI for creating, viewing and editing documents in a separate tab.
```

> - New UI supports themes from VS Code (except Monarch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New UI supports VS Code theming (except Monarch).
```

> - Jest for unit testing.

Reviewer: CHANGELOG.md is rather customer facing (also for VS Marketplace), I don't think we need to mention these things here. Devs who are interested can review the Git history.

Author: Got it! Fixed
